# 2024 Blog Posts

# Are you too available? 12.12.24

Last week I trained at a stellar company on optimizing schedules and calendars.

We covered a lot of material, including how to plan your time effectively and pivot when things don’t go as planned.

But one of the biggest breakthroughs happened in a breakout session.

People realized that they were too available.

Which means they were always free to respond to:

emails
people walking in
Slack messages
texts
calls
Always there to help…but always there to get interrupted too.

You train people how to treat you.

If you’re always available, you’re never respecting your own time.

By always putting other people’s needs ahead of yours, you’re never committed to your own priorities.

It’s one of the main reasons you’re behind. Overwhelmed. Unsure how to catch up.

Instead, put parameters around your time.

Embrace the idea that your time is valuable and meaningful and deserves to be treated with respect.

Carve out, block, and covet specific time to get your work done.

Without distraction and interruptions.

Then let others know that you’re booked.

Because if your time isn’t scheduled on your calendar, everyone else’s is.

Don’t confuse being too available with being a good leader.

Good leaders balance prioritizing themselves and supporting other people.

Take control of your time, and you will take control of your results.

I think you’re worth it, don’t you?

Xo,

Mridu

P.S.

If you want to learn about how we can go a step further, here are two options:

1. Let’s discuss training and coaching in your company right here.
2. Let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# More than a name change 11.22.24

It’s been a minute since you’ve heard from me.

I’ve been in a self-reflection mode.

I’m taking a good, hard look at where I’m investing my time and energy and doing what aligns with my goals.

My business evolved in 2024, particularly in the last few months.

I have two big changes to announce.

Number One: I’m changing my company name from Life Is Organized to Life Is Optimized. And my site, LifeisOrganized will be LIOCoach.

I’m still in the process of rebranding, but it will be official by early 2025.

Why the changes?

Life Is Organized made a lot of sense years ago when I was a professional home organizer.

Since then, my expertise has evolved into productivity and time management, and it’s time the name finally caught up.

Number Two: I’ve gone from focusing on women business owners to focusing on training and coaching in companies.

I’ve helped business owners do so much more than improve themselves.

I’ve worked with their teams and helped make valuable shifts as companies, so it only makes sense to keep strengthening this.

Partnering with leaders and their teams enables me to impact even more people than I do today.

And this aligns with my vision:

To help professionals worldwide master their time and create a ripple effect of success across their lives.

Do I still coach women business owners? Of course!

But my messaging is directed at teams and organizations.

I’m excited to share my journey with you over the next few months and as I rebrand and hone my focus.

You can hear about my thought process for these changes on this week’s podcast right here.

I even made a very big change with my podcast (I guess that’s technically change number three!), which I tell you about in the episode.

I hope you’ll have a-ha’s about your own journey as you hear about my experience.

I’m so grateful to you for being on my email list.

I know you have a hundred places to focus, so I don’t take your time for granted.

Here’s to continued growth!
Mridu

P.S.

If you want to learn about how we can go a step further, here are two options:

1. Let’s discuss training and coaching in your company right here.
2. Let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# Do you do these top 5 time wasting habits? 10.16.24

I get pumped just thinking about you taking control of your time and habits.

That said, to create a feeling of order and success — to shift your habits and make progress every day towards your goals — you need to stop doing certain things, PRONTO.

If any part of you hopes for better results, commit to STOP taking part in these five common ways, we give up our power.

#1: Stop The Notifications

Seriously, it’s time to turn off the notifications—all of them. They are stripping you of focus and clarity, not to mention draining you of energy.

Don’t think you’ll leave your email, IG, or news notifications on…but won’t look at them.

No one believes that, not even you. The easiest thing to do is not have distractions in the first place.

You are an adult, and it is in your control to stop this behavior now.

So right now, go onto your Settings on your phone, watch, and laptop, and turn those brain and focus suckers off.

#2: Stop Starting and Not Finishing

You know how you can be busy all day long and still feel like you got nothing done?

A usual suspect is starting a task but not taking the last step to finish it.

Instead, spend the 10-60 seconds it will take you to finish the job.

If you respond to an email, take a few seconds to drag it into a folder or tag it with a label.

When you fill out a form, take the extra 30 seconds to grab a folder and file the paper away.

Half a minute is the difference between clutter piling up and feeling accomplished.

#3: Stop Falling Into Email

You have 20 minutes in between meetings, so what do you do? Check email.

Your 1:30 appointment was canceled at the last minute, so what do you do? Fall into email.

You have three high-priority projects but see white space on your calendar, so what do you do? You guessed it. Get sucked into email.

Stop that. Now, please.

Instead, schedule specific times to check and respond to emails, like 20 minutes after each hour of other work.

That way, you know you’ll be checking your email soon enough, but you don’t need to check it every 47 seconds.

#4: Stop Being Still

If you’re sitting at your desk for four hours priding yourself on being super productive, think again.

Your brain and body need a break.

If you’re not moving for hours, I guarantee you’re finding ample ways to waste time or simply not work as efficiently as you can.

Take at least five to ten minutes every 60-90 minutes to walk, fill up your water bottle, or do some jumping jacks.

Activity will reenergize you, reengage you in your task at hand, and simply make you happier.

#5: Stop Thinking You’ll Remember

Every now and then, something falls through the cracks.

Sometimes, it’s nonconsequential, like forgetting to pick up batteries while you were at the store.

Sometimes it’s embarrassing, like showing up at an event without your tickets.

Sometimes, it makes you look bad, like bringing one copy of a document to a meeting instead of the three you needed.

It’s frustrating when you forget to do, make, buy, dispose, attach, create, or simply think about something you were supposed to do.

Stop relying on your memory.

Get as much out of your head and on paper or digitally as possible.

Releasing all your thoughts leaves space for exploration, strategy, planning, and creativity.

So, there you have it. Five things you should stop doing right now so you stay focused, achieve your goals, and squash overwhelm.

Which one will you commit to doing right now?

You have so much brilliance to share in the world.

Don’t let self-sabotaging habits derail your happiness or success.

With love,
Mridu

P.S. Ready to go from learning productivity tips to truly implementing them daily? Here’s how:

Let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# [**“the one thing” is a crock of poo!](https://lifeisorganized.com/business/the-one-thing-is-a-crock-of-poo/) 9.24.24**

Eight years back, I was stuck.

Technically my own boss in charge of my time.

But in reality, I was working harder and longer than ever.

Treading water each day, drowning in the minutia and so-called “emergencies.”

Officially on a treadmill: constantly moving…but barely making movement.

There were a bunch of factors holding me back;

part confidence and belief,
part not knowing where to begin;
part my chaotic and emotional approach to my demands
Now, you’re probably wondering how I landed where I am today.

I wish I could say:

“It was this ONE thing. This ONE change transformed me from totally confused to totally clear!”

But that would be a crock of poo.

More like 10 things I had to learn, change, rethink, or adopt.

After lots of studying, mentoring, attempting, failing, and reiterating, I’ve finally figured it out. (mostly)

Here are the 10 most helpful things I learned:

Why waking up with a plan changed the trajectory of my life
How to prioritize my most important goals for the day
What system and software to use to corral my 800 to-do’s!
When to find the time to exercise
How to meal plan and do other family stuff on top of my demanding job
How to ensure I get downtime
Why creating easy systems is the key to more time freedom
How to have a daily structure so I know when I’m doing what
When and how to say NO in a way that’s nice but also assertive
How to get other people on MY calendar on MY time instead of bending over backward to accommodate theirs
Wouldn’t you love to skip over the deliberating and self-deprecating and just hit the Easy button?

All to help you brainstorm, create, and implement the strategies to take complete control of your work life and your personal life.

Here’s how.

Step One:

Pick ONE specific area to focus on.
For example: “I will focus on getting to meetings on time.”

Step Two:

Commit to ONE tweak to help you get closer to this result.
For example:

1. Set a phone alert for 10 minutes before each Zoom and 30 minutes before each meeting that requires driving

Step Three:

Do it for three days, then add one more tweak to help you get closer to your result
For example:

At the end of the day, I will review my meetings for the next day so I can gather what I need for them
Creating micro-habits is the key to your success.

This consistent practice will make you a better role model, friend, spouse, boss, manager, and human.

There is no ONE thing. But there is one tiny habit you can start to change today.

What will yours be?

Here’s to getting off the treadmill,
Mridu

P.S. I’m so grateful to you for being on my email list. I know you have a hundred places to put your attention, so I don’t take your time for granted.

If you want to learn about how we can go a step further, let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# today’s best approach to productivity 7.17.24

Feel like your to-do list is a never-ending beast?

No matter how many tasks you tackle, there are always more.

It’s like having a drill sergeant in your head, barking orders: “Go, go, go! Keep pushing! Keep doing!”

So you continue to get more done and cross more off.

But here’s the kicker: this mindless habit sabotages your most important work.

Getting caught up in less meaningful tasks is easy when your mind is a whirlpool of activity.

These quick wins—answering emails, scrolling through papers—trick you into feeling productive.

What happens to the significant, brain-heavy tasks?

They get pushed aside and neglected because they require more thought, energy, and a slower pace.

Imagine this scenario: You need to write a new and challenging contract.

Instead of diving in, you procrastinate. You start thinking, “I could be getting so much done right now.”

So, you jump into more manageable tasks—email, laundry, social media.

Before you know it, the hour you had set aside is gone, filled with minor tasks.

The contract remains untouched.

Now, let’s rewind.

You still need to write that contract, but this time, you recognize the need to slow down.

Instead of letting anxiety drive you to do more minor tasks, you take a break.

You reassess, recalibrate, and allow your mind to rest.

Suddenly, ideas start flowing. You ask yourself better questions:

What does the client want to hear?
What’s the best outcome I can deliver?
This process is far more valuable than staring at a blank page or procrastinating with other menial tasks.

Slowing down isn’t hitting the brakes hard or becoming lethargic.

It’s about pacing yourself.

Working with a quiet speed that keeps you relaxed and calm.

This pacing builds trust in yourself to do the right thing because you’re thinking clearly and purposefully.

If you rush through life, you miss these critical moments.

When you slow down, you buy yourself time to think things through.

More rest isn’t just a safeguard against burnout.

Rest is a vital component of working well and working smart.

It stimulates creativity and concentration and makes you more efficient.

Productivity isn’t just about getting results; it’s about getting the best results possible.

And you can’t perform at your best if you’re not well-rested.

This counterintuitive idea—slowing down can speed you up—requires a mindset shift.

It’s about moving away from the hustle culture that glorifies being busy.

It’s about understanding that you can’t always run at full speed.

Slowing down means scheduling breaks into your day.

It means taking a walk, meditating, or sitting quietly for a few minutes.

It means prioritizing tasks that require deep thinking and giving them the time and space they need.

It means being patient with yourself and knowing that rushing won’t lead to the best results.

The next time you feel overwhelmed by your to-do list, remember that slowing down isn’t a waste of time.

It’s the best approach to tackle even the most daunting tasks with clarity and confidence.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Craving simple solutions and accountability to manage all your demands and distractions? Here is how we can work together:

Let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# Your new secret weapon 6.21.24

Do you sometimes feel like your head is going to explode?

You’re thinking of 300 things, so naturally, you have your fingers in at least a dozen of them simultaneously.

As a result, you’re scattered and wonder why you can’t remember anything.

Today I’m diving into a topic that could revolutionize your life.

It’s your attention. AKA: Focus.

More specifically, it applies to how you work: through Uni-Tasking.

If you’re like most high achievers, you multitask like a badass.

Your mind and body constantly react to your thoughts or to the demands and distractions of everyone around you.

Multitasking is your go-to strategy to get it all done.

Or is it?

The reality is multitasking can be completely counterproductive and hold you back.

This is why uni-tasking is your new secret weapon for boosting productivity and reducing stress.

Tune into this week’s podcast, Mastering The Art Of Attention, to learn:

The true impact multi-tasking has on you
Why uni-tasking works from a neuroscience and cognitive approach
Simple ways to get and stay focused.
My Site | iTunes | Spotify

With more focus comes more clarity.

Through uni-tasking, you’ll have more energy, boost performance, and have a better quality of life.

I think you’re worth it. Don’t you?

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Craving simple solutions and accountability to manage all your demands and distractions? Here is how we can work together:

Let’s discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# How to identify priorities 6.7.24

Ever look at your daunting list and feel paralyzed?

What do I focus on? How do I prioritize?

You’re tempted to knock off the easy things first.

This seems like the logical way to build momentum.

The problem is you get sucked into menial tasks that drain your energy.

You end the day feeling like you got nothing done — even though you’ve been ON all day.

Next time you’re in this situation, here’s what to do:

Tune into your body’s signals.

Your body communicates with you through physical sensations.

It provides you inner wisdom.

Pay attention to how your body responds when considering different tasks.

Here’s the tricky thing.

You likely won’t feel excitement thinking about a task you should prioritize.

You will experience tension and resistance.

Thinking about responding to a difficult email can make your stomach turn.
Thinking about creating a training document can make you want to poke a fork in your eye.
Thinking about going for a run can make you hide under the covers.
But know this.

Your body’s signals offer valuable insights into what tasks align with your long-term vision.

Don’t just pay attention to the things that feel good.

Pay attention to the tasks that give you resistance.

These are usually the priorities you should be focusing on.

Your body signals to you exactly where to put your energy.

It will feel irrational.

It will feel heavy.

It will feel uncomfortable.

Until you start.

Until you move.

Until you take the next step.

Your body tells you exactly what to prioritize by creating resistance around it.

You tap into wisdom that transcends logic and rationality.

I know when I feel resistance, my body is simply sending a red alert: Focus on this thing now!

My body is smart and so is yours.

Tap into what your intuition is telling you when you feel resistance.

Trust your body’s guidance. It always knows best.

Want 3 more ways to know exactly how to prioritize?

Tune into this week’s podcast, Prioritizing Like This Actually Works, right here.

Xo,

Mridu

If you’d like to discuss one-to-one coaching to help you master all your demands. Schedule a time here.

# You always know what to do 5.24.24

You always know what to do. Even when you have a hundred thoughts dominating your mind.

It comes down to taking responsibility.

Taking responsibility is the difference between knowing why you aren’t using your time well and what to do to use your time well…or not.

When your result is something you can’t control…

When your result is someone or something else’s fault…

It’s easy to not know what to do.

It’s easy to feel confused. To get paralyzed.

You’ll have lots of questions without simple answers.

What should I be working on?
Where do I go from here?
How should I spend my time?
Why does she/he keep interrupting me?
How can I get it all done?
Why does this keep happening to me?
These questions are natural. But they’re not helpful.

They’re questions from an overwhelmed mind.

Questions from not taking responsibility.

Here’s what taking responsibility looks like:

My results have come from this _______ (thing I am responsible for).
This _______ (thing I control) is truly the problem, and this _______ (thing I can control) is my solution.
I will use this _______ (step-by-step plan) to fix it.
This applies to managing your day, making meetings valuable, minimizing email, taking care of yourself, and any result you ever want to create.

When you are the source of the problem you always have the solution.

When you aren’t getting the results you want because:

Your team is needy
Your clients don’t meet expectations
Your family relies on you too much
Your calendar is overscheduled
No one respects your time
And you’re constantly scattered and overwhelmed…
…The solution feels heavy and complicated.

Bring it back to the things you can control.

Bring it back to what YOU can change.

Look at yourself and you will always discover how you created that result.

Keep looking inward and asking questions until the solution feels simple and doable.

Did I train others to treat me this way?
Did I create this expectation?
Did I plan?
Did I communicate clearly?
Did I bring the right energy?
Did I say Yes when I meant No?
Never stop going back to you.

It gives you the power to be in control.

It gives you clarity.

It keeps you out of confusion, helplessness, and frustration.

It gives you all the time, space, and freedom you want.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Here’s how we can work together to get your best results:

1. Would you love a productivity and accountability partner to help you mentally and emotionally master your demands? Let’s talk about one-to-one coaching. Schedule a time here.
2. Want your whole team or organization to feel less stressed and more accomplished? I would love to train in your company. Reply to this email to discuss or to connect me to a decision-maker.

# You’re not a special snowflake 5.14.24

Newsflash.

Everyone procrastinates.

Yes, even your friend who runs marathons, is on six committees, and finishes their taxes two months ahead.

I promise you, they procrastinate on tasks you don’t see.

No one is exempt from putting things off.

This is why you should NOT self-proclaim as a procrastinator.

Just like you don’t walk around telling people you’re a human – because everyone is a human.

Don’t keep saying you’re a procrastinator – because everyone else is one too.

When you label yourself as a procrastinator you accept and embrace that identity.

Once that’s your belief it’s simply who you become.

“Hi, I’m Mridu and I’m a procrastinator. I put off everything important to me, I have no agency over my actions, I’m always behind and I’m a failure. Tell me about you.”

Stop that right now.

You’re not a special snowflake and you don’t get to hide behind the idea that you’re a procrastinator to justify not getting things done.

It’s time to change your identity.

Tell yourself you get things done, because you do.

You have evidence of it all day long.

You manage emotions, people, pets, and relationships.

You complete tasks, projects, to-do’s, and chores.

You do get things done.

You get important things done.

So tell yourself you do.

The first step to get over procrastination is to believe you can get over it.

Remind yourself that you know HOW to get things done.

Reinforce thoughts about what you achieve. About what you accomplish.

The second step is to start small.

You don’t need to renew your passport this week. You only need to get your photo taken.

You don’t need to complete your quarterly strategy. You only need to create a marketing outline for this month.

You don’t need to clean your whole garage. You only need to gather all the sports balls.

With every thought and every action, you begin to change your identity.

You are not a procrastinator.

You are purposeful.

You are prompt.

You are an action-taker.

Changing your results begins with changing your thoughts.

And being deliberate with your words.

Your actions will follow.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Here’s how we can work together to get your best results:

1. Would you love a productivity and accountability partner to get you mentally and emotionally on top of all your demands? Let’s talk about one-to-one coaching. Schedule a time here.
2. Want your whole team or organization to feel less stressed and more accomplished? I would love to train in your company. Reply to this email to discuss or to connect me to a decision-maker.

# You know exactly how to prioritize 4.15.24

I get it.

You have 101 things on your list and everything is important.

I can’t tell you if your system or strategy work is more important.

I can’t tell you which of your client issues is more important.

But I can tell you this.

Prioritizing isn’t hard. Making a decision is.

There will be plenty of days when ten tasks top your to-do list.

Expectations, deadlines, or projects CAN be equally important.

But I want to offer you this.

**Whatever priority you choose is the right one.**

There is only ONE wrong decision.

To sit in indecision.

Indecision is going in circles or rewriting your to-do list repeatedly.
Indecision is reprocessing information or catastrophizing the consequences.
Indecision is jumping from one project, task, or client to another within minutes.
Indecision is putting in a little effort across many things, so you feel productive even though nothing gets crossed off the list.
That’s what indecision feels like. It keeps you spinning instead of making significant progress.

It robs you of confidence and makes you believe you don’t know how to prioritize.

But you do.

When it comes to prioritizing, trust yourself to make the right decision.

Remember, whatever priority you choose is the right one.

It’s the one you’ll be intentional about and make significant progress on before moving to the next thing on your list.

That is how you prioritize when everything is important.

You make a decision and you stick with it.

When you do that you see results. You feel successful. You increase joy.

Don’t let your brain make it more complicated than it is.

Prioritizing REALLY is that simple.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Looking to get out of paralysis or overwhelm? Join me on a free call here and learn how to finally drop confusion and chaos.

# You can finally stop this bad habit 4.3.24

You have 20 minutes in between meetings, so what do you do?

*Check email.*

Your 1:30 appointment cancels at the last minute, so what’s your go-to?

*Fall into email.*

You have three high-priority projects due next week but see some “white space” on your calendar, so what’s your next move?

You know the answer. *You get sucked into email.*

Stop that. Now, please.

**Having a few minutes or a break is not an invitation to dive into email.**

Things will be fine, in fact, a lot better, if you get your head out of email quicksand and focus on the other 729 tasks on your list.

Instead, schedule specific times to check and respond to email.

Like 20 minutes after each one hour of other work.

Or before your first meeting, after lunch, and an hour before you wrap up for the day.

That way you know you’ll be checking your email soon enough, but you don’t need to check it every 47 seconds.

Here’s the key.

**When you’re not in your scheduled email time, close the email tab.**

Just like that.

Take your sweet little cursor, click that X on your email tab, and lose the temptation to jump back in.

Don’t rely on willpower. It won’t work.

If email is open, you will check it. Incessantly.

Clients tell me they can’t be away from email. They get urgent requests all day long.

I’m not suggesting you close your email for hours on end (unless that works for you).

Rather, building up your muscles to *not* be notified, react, or respond for even 20 minutes is your first step to liberation.

Distractions are thieves.

They rob you of presence, creativity, and strategic thinking.

If there’s any part of you wishing for better results, better attention, and simply, a better life, do not continue to give up your power to other people’s demands – all.day.long.

You will get and stay focused.

You will stop ending the day feeling like you got nothing done.

You will feel more proud of what you accomplished.

You don’t always need to be in your email.

You need to have space from it to be more effective.

Xo,

Mridu

**P.S.** Here are two ways we can work together:

**1)** Do you know strategies to focus but can’t implement or stick to them? We should talk. I’d love to help you get on top of all your distractions. Schedule a time [**here**](https://click.convertkit-mail.com/4zuoeoxpxvteh58d2o3cxh3d0ql77/g3hnh5h3xeldoour/aHR0cHM6Ly9jYWxlbmRseS5jb20vbXJpZHUvY29uc3VsdA==).

**2)** Want your team to feel less stressed and more accomplished? Shoot me a reply to discuss or to connect me to a decision-maker about training in your company.

# 3 questions to stop feeling overwhelmed 3.20.24

You know what holds most people back from getting the results they want?

Their mental drama.

When it comes to being productive your biggest enemy is your brain.

You’re stressed thinking about everything on your plate.

You’re overwhelmed by the thought of deadlines, clients, or your overloaded inbox.

Did you catch that?

The thoughts, not the actions paralyze you.

Foreseeing failure, struggle, or confusion is the root of overwhelm.

Thinking about the difficulty or chaos ahead amplifies that out-of-control feeling.

The good news is that when you change your thoughts, your feelings change.

You already know how to complete projects, respond to messages, or follow through on requests.

You don’t need more “how.”

You need the emotional maturity to keep yourself grounded and focused on the right things – especially when you’re overwhelmed.

When you’re spinning or drowning in anxiety ask yourself 3 questions:

1. “What result do I want?”
2. “What is in my control?”
3. “What energy will I bring to this situation?”

With a change of mental state, your beliefs and actions will follow.

You don’t solve problems through reactive action.

You solve problems through clarity of thought.

When you’re clear on what you want, what you can do, and how you want to feel, your brain will go from chaos to creating value.

You don’t need more tools or complications.

You need a mindset willing to simplify.

You need a mind distraction-free from scarcity and confusion.

Work on your emotional state before your to-do list.

I will show you how.

Will you join me?

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Here are two ways we can work together:

1. Would you love a productivity and accountability partner to get you mentally and emotionally on top of all your demands? Let’s talk about one-to-one coaching. Schedule a time here.
2. Want to get your whole team or organization to feel less stressed and more accomplished? I would love to train in your company. Email me at [mridu@lifeisorganized.com](mailto:mridu@lifeisorganized.com) to discuss or to connect me to a decision-maker.

# Sometimes you need permission 3.6.24

I recently worked with a client certain there was no way to “find more time” in her schedule.

As a radiologist with an incredible load, she is always running from one emergency to another.

She is overwhelmed by paperwork and managing staff while trying to balance motherhood, a husband, aging parents, and some semblance of social life.

Patient commitments constantly put her behind the eight-ball, her team under constant stress and frustrated by missed deadlines.

Her dream?

To be fully present for her adorable two-year-old and supportive husband every evening.

Her reality?

Barely make it home before dinner, distracted by texts and emails, then frequently working until after midnight to stay afloat.

We worked on her limiting belief system, boundaries, and self-sabotaging actions.

We identified a pattern of unrealistic expectations set by the Queen Overachiever herself.

“Would patients be put in danger if you changed their expectations of getting results in 48 hours instead of 24 hours?” I asked.

“No. But can I do that?”

“Is there a good reason you can’t?”

She thought for a few moments. “No, I guess not.”

And just like that, she took the first step to opening her mind and her calendar.

By resetting expectations she was home three nights last week to MAKE dinner and enjoy it with her fam (not just wolf it down over an email).

Sometimes you need permission to do what you know you should be doing.

Even though it’s outside of your comfort zone.

Even though it goes against the way you’ve been doing it for a long time.

Even though it might be questioned.

Even though you’ve never done it that way.

If you need permission to change up a routine, a system, or a method that is keeping you in a stressful and overwhelming pattern, I am giving it to you.

Permission granted.

Turn your permission into a liberating new normal.

You will be less stressed.

You will have more freedom.

You will wonder why you waited so long.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S.

Getting out of your way is key to a rewarding life. But when you’re crazed you don’t have the time or mental energy to figure out how. Get the support you need to live the life you deserve. Let’s hop on a call and make it happen.

# How to reach results faster 2.26.25

Decisions matter.

From everything you put in your mouth…

To what you say yes or no to…

To every time you reach for your phone.

Some decisions are simple like tying shoes or pouring coffee.

But other, more impactful ones trigger opposing thoughts.

Like when your alarm goes off.

The Angel on your shoulder says: You know getting up is good for you. Do it now!

Meanwhile, the Devil’s all like: It’s warm and comfy, skip the gym. Hit snooze!

Sometimes we look at opposing emotions as confusion.

Or we attribute emotional opposition to being scattered or not confident in decision-making.

But that’s not true.

It’s just part of the process and it doesn’t mean anything about you.

Instead, it means you get to choose where you put your attention.

Opposing thoughts means you have a choice.

Which is exciting because it means you have control.

You have control to go with comfort (stay in bed and hit snooze).

You also have control to go with discomfort and lean into the excitement of better results. (get out of bed and get your yoga pants on).

You are not lazy. You are not confused. You are not indecisive.

You are making decisions all the time.

You get to decide exactly where to put your time and energy.

I learned to make more rewarding decisions with just 3 simple thoughts.

Embrace opposing thoughts.
Opposing thoughts mean that I have control.
Lean into the uncomfortable choice because all the awesome happens outside my comfort zone.
Repeat this to yourself every day.

Lean into uncomfortable choices.

Can you get up when you don’t feel like it?
Can you not check your email for two hours?
Can you say No to your client? Your kids? Your mom?
How can you get out of comfort every day? Even once a day?

Answer this question and you will reach your results faster.

You will feel so much better about yourself too.

You are capable of all the awesome in your life, Brooke.

You just need to decide on it.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S.
One decision can change the trajectory of your day and life. If you want more support on overcoming indecision and making better decisions, schedule a time for us to chat here.

# Stop having sucky meetings 1.26.24

This is the worst.

You’re energized and ready to make a solid dent in your to-do list.

You sit down with your hot cup of coffee and then this happens.

You look at your calendar and see…

Back-to-back meetings.

Really? All day!?

Panic comes over you.

Instead of getting excited about what you’ll accomplish in your meetings, you think about everything you won’t have time to work on.

Your day is full of opportunity yet, you feel dread.

Hate that feeling.

What if you could cut your meeting time by 25% every day? Or how about in half?

What would you do with all that extra time?
How much more actual work could you get through?
How relieved would you be to see your calendar in the morning?
It is possible.

Your success lies in one simple tool.

A kick-ass agenda.

Not just a bulleted list of discussion points.

But a plan for the process as well as the content.

Here’s what I mean.

Alongside each bullet point on your agenda (btw, keep it to 3-5 points max.) include these two pieces of information:

The time allocated for that point (5 mins, 15 mins, etc.)
The person leading that point (Jim, Carol, Sam, etc.)
So it would look like this:

Agenda

Discuss options for re-design: 15 mins.: Deirdre
Discuss and vote on design firm: 10 mins.: Jackie
Recap next steps: 3 mins.: Tom
It doesn’t take time to do this.

It takes intention.

Of course, you’ll have to keep ramblers on track, manage time accurately, and double down on your boundaries and communication muscles… (which I’m happy to teach you how)…

But… it all starts with a kick-ass agenda.

Create and follow one and you will minimize meeting time while maximizing results.

You will have more time in your day, for YOU, and your priorities.

You will stop thinking about what else you could be doing…and be doing it instead.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Want to get your whole team or organization to halve meeting time? I would love to train in your company.

Making meetings efficient is just one of the many ways I can bring less stress and more time to you and your teams.

Shoot me a message for us to discuss or to connect me to a decision-maker.

# Ready to stop feeling so scattered? 1.19.25

Are you an unstructured thinker?

Do your thoughts go from a text to a big idea to an errand to a deep-seated feeling…all within a minute?

Yes, you are distracted. But it’s beyond that.

It’s the way your brain is wired.

Your driven and ambitious mind is like a busy crisscrossing freeway.

Fast-paced ideas and thoughts constantly intersect and get confused.

This scatteredness has major repercussions.

At times you feel empowered navigating it all.

But more often you feel burnt out and like a failure.

Because an overactive mind creates worry, frustration, dissatisfaction, and a feeling that no matter what your life is like, something needs to be different.

You do need something different.

You need more structure.

Not a restrictive schedule, but a flexible routine.

A routine that works with your energy.

A routine that works with your circumstances.

A routine that works with your life.

You create one by making tweaks to your habits.

Maybe a small change in:

where you place your phone at night
when you incorporate movement in the morning
the number of meetings you take in a week
the days of the week or the time of the day creativity works best for you
how many times you check email
when you take short breaks
when and how you communicate your boundaries
A series of these small changes have a snowball effect and create a daily roadmap so things feel calm, in control, and like you have breathing room.

Your weekly routine feeds the same sense of control into your mind.

When you have more structure in your life, you have more structure in your brain.

This is what your unstructured mind is craving.

You are fully capable of structuring your thinking.

You can 100% prevent and end burnout.

Your brain will automatically be more structured when your schedule is.

Are you ready to focus on this for 2024?

After all, your fulfilled life is on the line.

Xo,

Mridu

P.S. Have you tried every book, planner, and blog and still can’t come up with a routine that works? Then book a free strategy call with me here. I promise, there IS an easier way.

# This shouldn’t make you feel unworthy 1.12.24

Can you imagine not feeling guilty about what you didn’t get done today?

Letting tasks roll over to tomorrow without beating yourself up over everything you don’t cross off.

Most people can’t because their worth is tied to their to-do lists.

Yet that’s exactly what my client Ashley did.

When she came to me she was stuck.

Working way too many hours, burnt out, and feeling like she was never doing anything well, (boss, mom, daughter, business owner).

Which is so frustrating because Ashley has decades of experience under her belt.

She puts in extraordinary effort, time, and detail.

She cares deeply for her team, her clients, and her family.

She is amazing at what she does.

Ashley didn’t need help in executing her craft. She needed help in planning.

Getting a handle on all the tasks and projects going on in all the different parts of her life didn’t seem possible at first…

Because putting tasks on a list and even blocking them on her calendar, still didn’t mean she’d get them done.

But we worked through her prioritizing, planning, and perfectionism.

She learned to plan accurately so she wasn’t in catch-up mode all the time.

She learned to focus and have clarity, so she could start and finish tasks.

She learned to let go of self-sabotaging actions that were keeping her back from moving on already.

Full transparency, it didn’t happen overnight.

There was the groundwork to be laid to transform her thinking and behavior.

Getting clear on her Goals/Vision.
Refining Schedules.
Strengthening Systems.
Delegating to her Team.
Implementing Boundaries.
And yes, a whole lot of mindset to be able to think in new and more positive ways.

But she did it.

The result?

She goes to bed at night feeling accomplished about what she got done. (Even though her to-do list is still long).

She’s more realistic about what she can get done in a day, so she doesn’t wallow in failure but feels good about her success.

She’s reset expectations with her clients, team, and herself, giving her freedom and well-deserved joy.

It can be the same for you too.

If 2023 didn’t shape up the way you wanted…

Then book a free strategy call with me here. I promise, there IS an easier way.

You’re worth is not tied to your list and it’s time you stopped feeling that way.

Xo,

Mridu